>> Jem Young: At this point you should be,
everything is hooked up
to your node server.
But the problem is every time we wanna do
something on the command line, we have to
CRL+C, do whatever we wanna do then
restart our node server, that's a pain.
So we can do a better way to do this.
We're gonna build an entire deploy
system that is a one-click deploy,
or one click,
one-button press, as in enter.
And [LAUGH] it automatically deploys and
restarts your node application for you,
which is pretty cool.
But first, we're gonna start with Gulp.
So how do we build and
deploy our application?
We've gone through all
this unfamiliar territory.
And now we're in territory that we should
all be a little more familiar with.
We're in JavaScript land,
HTML, CSS, good times.
So what we're gonna use
is we're gonna use Gulp.
Gulp is a task runner,
it's more like a streaming task builder,
but we can call it a task runner for now.
There's also Grunts,
Broccoli, Brunch, Jake,
I'm sure there's more that
are being invented everyday.
But we're gonna use Gulp because
Gulps just JavaScript and
it's pretty straightforward to use.
We use it at Netflix pretty heavily.
I'm more of a MPM script type of person
over at Gulp, but to each their own.
We're gonna do some MPM
scripting a little bit later,
it's the last thing we're gonna do today.
But we're getting at the home stretch.
We've got everything hooked up.